okay today's fix-it guide is a simple
one about how to fix floppy limbs and
loose limbs in action figures take a
look at this guy almost impossible to
stand him up because his looms are so
floppy right the fix for this what
you'll need is some PTFE tape this is
the tape that plumbers use to wrap
around screw joints when they're
screwing things together to give a
better seal and stop them leaking you
can pick this up anywhere any sort of
hardware shop and you can see this cost
fifty nine P so it's a bargain price
what you do take a piece of PTFE tape
which looks like this it's not sticky
it's just a sort of a rubberized tape
get your action figure in this case a
very loose stormtrooper bunch up the
stuff at the PTO f8e tape a bit and just
wrap it into the joint as you can see
let's get going
wrap it around a few times I'll do this
one quite tight because sir he is super
floppy there you go and you can just use
a pair of scissors to trim off the
excess which can be a bit tricky try
that one more time
there you go that's the tape rigged off
and then use a knife just to sort of
push the ends in so you don't see them
there you go now look you got one arm
that's not going anywhere
it's as stiff as can be you can now
repose him you might need a little bit
of adjustment just to make sure this
tape stays in place but there you go
right let's now do the same on the leg
and see if we can get that to tighten up
so again take another piece of PTFE tape
and wrap it into the joint it's a bit
more awkward on the legs of these
stormtroopers because the it's not quite
so easy to get get into just wrap the
tape in right so that's that's started
take a longer piece and just keep
wrapping it around squeezing it in
between the joint keep going there
should do click in tight again just chop
the loose end off of the back there and
using a knife pushing the remainder of
the PTFE tape there you go so you've now
got a stormtrooper with the left-hand
side I haven't done so still with a
floppy legs and the right-hand side nice
tight joints this guy will now easily
stand up for display you can do all the
rest of them and your figure will no
longer be floppy ideal if your army
building if you're working on figures
that aren't white you may have a little
problem that the tape is sort of
viewable in the joint but you can easily
color it with a felt pen before you go
wrapping it in this isn't it you know
not a perfect fix but it does a good job
and it will make a figure 2 too floppy
to display back to being displayable
thanks for watching